Today I bled failure all the way up to the sky, and I grinned hopelessly as I sit down to die.

We are so brittle, with bones so fickle, they lie so steady, and now I'm ready to die or drive.

Tear the fever out of my lungs, put the cold back under my tongue.

I searched every cupboard in the house, looking to find something to eat; all the food we had was rotten, so I only brushed my teeth.

So I take my last two tabs of acid, smash my fist through a fucking wall.

Ten times a day, ten times a year, you never showed us mate, you never, never shed a tear.

Ten songs a year, ten songs a day, you never shed a tear until the media looks away.

"Fuck school man, let's get drunk because we can have so much more fun when we don't have to answer to anyone."

Well truth be told, it's getting old, watching all my ex's fuck through all my friends, and my soul has grown cold as a result.

The kids are blacking out, the pigs are cracking down, and I'm just staring at the peeling ceiling.

I need to go somewhere where no-one knows my name, cause right now this town is too small and I fucking hate this place.

Frugal and resourceful, yeah, just doing it unlawful, get creative, don't parade it, baby prove it if you're awful.

Yeah I'll be there for you till when I die, bearing roses red as my eyes, protect you from the dreadful shit, I will be your lifeline.

Well I wish for this song to never hit the spot that gives you the strength to tell your boss to get fucked and quit that job you hate so much.

We all need fucking money but there's a war to fight and I want you to only ever be a drunken stumble away from me.

Sifting through a mix of memories, as I bury my dog underneath our tree.

As he lights an American Spirit, he asks how I can smoke such shit.

And now he's driving us 100 miles an hour down the interstate, another beer in his hand, swearing we won't be late.

That was before everyone moved to New Mexico; they all left a couple of months ago.

And in my dreams, I am dirty broke, beautiful, and free.

We aren't revolutionaries but we are the revolution.

Class traitor? What fucking ever! I'm just another middle class kid, too.

But if I'm not good at changing, I'm good at self‑loathing; so I'll class hate myself with you.

May our only occupation be not having a job, may the only cocktails that we make be Molotov.

And in my dreams, I am dirty broke, beautiful and free.

Tonight I burn my home while Beethoven plays so tomorrow I can live like I died yesterday.

Tonight I bake my madness a birthday cake because even the insomniacs aren't awake.

Today I bled failure all the way up to the sky and I grinned hopelessly as I sit down to die.

God gave me instructions on how to live my life but I couldn't read his handwriting so I burnt them last night.

Instead I wait in the bushes outside of a cop's house, holding a twelve gauge; God isn't dead but I'll get that bastard some day!

But that's okay, 'cause if that's where Limbaugh goes then I don't even want any part of heaven.

Maybe I'll start a meth lab my friends make a lot selling drugs.

Burning holes in my brain Cocaine Alcohol cheap thrills Snorting pills.

Oh I'll be having acid for dinner let all the walls cave into one let all the werewolves come.

Oh how I wanna be an alcoholic drink until the day I die passing out every night for falling over is how I wanna be remembered.

I'm wondering what it's like on the other side cause I'm pretty sure that I'm ready to die.

I'm telling my boss she's a bitch and I'm upper cutting ex‑girlfriends and setting wrongs right.

It's the kind of night to die when there's no purpose nothing matters at all.

Here is to fucking up no one ever said it's wrong newspapers television, and cops.

And I know that everything's full of shit and I don't know what's right but this is not it.

Today might be the day I die shot dead across the street left to running rest in a lonely piece.

Fuck Cops I hate them I hope they die.

And last week the bastards they took away my license I drove to court and I drove home cause fuck what they say.

Sorry but Andy fuck you and fuck God cause nothing else matters but me and my dog and playing guitar in my bedroom or garden because life wasn't meant to be hard.

When I was just eighteen I had a girl that I loved we wouldn't go to school, or take no shit from no one.

Well, I miss my friends and they're never coming back they're either all on drugs or working for the banks.

And I feel so out of place among all of the humans I don't wanna duplicate each day I've got books to read and a world to save.

Well, my mother always said there were no monsters no real ones oh but there are.

And when you're on acid the colors will burn all bright but I can't shake the feeling that something's just not right.

Well, hey what are you hiding down there? I swear that it's nothing just my dick or something and you should let me walk on out there.

But now they're all lawyers doctors and cops rich and successful, and everything that I am not.

Well, let me check my disappointment book looks like I can pencil you in next week at this time.

Cause I'm cooking some pies baking a pizza making some soup and it's got pig in it.

Fuck this place I'm getting out walking to the edge of town drop me at the closest hole in space.

Well I wish I could stay asleep for days things are better when I'm not awake.

This world it wasn't meant for me can you pass me more amphetamines and drop me at the closest hole in space.

But don't be scared cause I got a lot of coffee and guns we'll fight the horde and they'll rue the day they ever fucked with us.

No bosses or banks or landlords all thanks to the army of the dead.

Now come and become, there's work to be done you can go to sleep when you're dead.

I said "Hey there small boy I don't wanna use this come any closer I promise I'll do it" and I guess that's what brains look like.

I said, "All I can hope for is for you to get better 'Cause all I can take is no more".

So I'll hide where I can away from you and your friends leaking tears over beers once again.

I wanna start from the top maybe like a do‑over replace the voices in my head with blind innocence.

I hate worrying about the future 'Cause all my current problems are based around the past.